README.rst, before:

Electrum - Lightweight Bitcoin client
=====================================

::

  Licence: MIT Licence
  Author: Thomas Voegtlin
  Language: Python (>= 3.6)
  Homepage: https://electrum.org/


.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/spesmilo/electrum.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/spesmilo/electrum
    :alt: Build Status
.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/spesmilo/electrum/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/spesmilo/electrum?branch=master
    :alt: Test coverage statistics
.. image:: https://d322cqt584bo4o.cloudfront.net/electrum/localized.svg
    :target: https://crowdin.com/project/electrum
    :alt: Help translate Electrum online





Getting started
===============

Electrum is a pure python application. If you want to use the
Qt interface, install the Qt dependencies::

    sudo apt-get install python3-pyqt5

If you downloaded the official package (tar.gz), you can run
Electrum from its root directory without installing it on your
system; all the python dependencies are included in the 'packages'
directory. To run Electrum from its root directory, just do::

    ./run_electrum

You can also install Electrum on your system, by running this command::

    sudo apt-get install python3-setuptools
    python3 -m pip install .[fast]

This will download and install the Python dependencies used by
Electrum instead of using the 'packages' directory.
The 'fast' extra contains some optional dependencies that we think
are often useful but they are not strictly needed.

If you cloned the git repository, you need to compile extra files
before you can run Electrum. Read the next section, "Development
Version".



Development version
===================

Check out the code from GitHub::

    git clone git://github.com/spesmilo/electrum.git
    cd electrum
    git submodule update --init

Run install (this should install dependencies)::

    python3 -m pip install .[fast]


Compile the protobuf description file::

    sudo apt-get install protobuf-compiler
    protoc --proto_path=electrum --python_out=electrum electrum/paymentrequest.proto

Create translations (optional)::

    sudo apt-get install python-requests gettext
    ./contrib/pull_locale




Creating Binaries
=================

Linux (tarball)
---------------

See :code:`contrib/build-linux/README.md`.


Linux (AppImage)
----------------

See :code:`contrib/build-linux/appimage/README.md`.


Mac OS X / macOS
----------------

See :code:`contrib/osx/README.md`.


Windows
-------

See :code:`contrib/build-wine/README.md`.


Android
-------

See :code:`electrum/gui/kivy/Readme.md`.

Commit message:

rename to electrumsys
so its compatible with electrum installs for bitcoin

README.rst, after:

ElectrumSys - Lightweight Bitcoin client
=====================================

::

  Licence: MIT Licence
  Author: Thomas Voegtlin
  Language: Python (>= 3.6)
  Homepage: https://electrum.org/


.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/syscoin/electrum.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/syscoin/electrum
    :alt: Build Status
.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/syscoin/electrum/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/syscoin/electrum?branch=master
    :alt: Test coverage statistics
.. image:: https://d322cqt584bo4o.cloudfront.net/electrum/localized.svg
    :target: https://crowdin.com/project/electrum
    :alt: Help translate ElectrumSys online





Getting started
===============

ElectrumSys is a pure python application. If you want to use the
Qt interface, install the Qt dependencies::

    sudo apt-get install python3-pyqt5

If you downloaded the official package (tar.gz), you can run
ElectrumSys from its root directory without installing it on your
system; all the python dependencies are included in the 'packages'
directory. To run ElectrumSys from its root directory, just do::

    ./run_electrumsys

You can also install ElectrumSys on your system, by running this command::

    sudo apt-get install python3-setuptools
    python3 -m pip install .[fast]

This will download and install the Python dependencies used by
ElectrumSys instead of using the 'packages' directory.
The 'fast' extra contains some optional dependencies that we think
are often useful but they are not strictly needed.

If you cloned the git repository, you need to compile extra files
before you can run ElectrumSys. Read the next section, "Development
Version".



Development version
===================

Check out the code from GitHub::

    git clone git://github.com/syscoin/electrum.git
    cd electrum
    git submodule update --init

Run install (this should install dependencies)::

    python3 -m pip install .[fast]


Compile the protobuf description file::

    sudo apt-get install protobuf-compiler
    protoc --proto_path=electrumsys --python_out=electrumsys electrumsys/paymentrequest.proto

Create translations (optional)::

    sudo apt-get install python-requests gettext
    ./contrib/pull_locale




Creating Binaries
=================

Linux (tarball)
---------------

See :code:`contrib/build-linux/README.md`.


Linux (AppImage)
----------------

See :code:`contrib/build-linux/appimage/README.md`.


Mac OS X / macOS
----------------

See :code:`contrib/osx/README.md`.


Windows
-------

See :code:`contrib/build-wine/README.md`.


Android
-------

See :code:`electrumsys/gui/kivy/Readme.md`.
